
[default]
save_search_field= gs
add_view=ga
bookmark= M
bookmarks= gb
bookmarks_nv=gB
bookmarks_nw=wB
remove_view=d
entry_history_back=Control k
entry_history_forward=Control j
entry_delete_letter=Control h
entry_delete_line=Control u
entry_delete_word=Control w
entry_word_back=Control b
entry_word_forward=Control f
complete_bookmarks=Control B
complete_history=Control H
complete_commands=Control I
complete_path=Control p
complete_searchengines=Control S
complete_userscript=Control U
allow_cookie= CC
decrease_master=gh
download_hint=gd
download_set_execute=Control x
command_mode= :
execute_userscript= eu
find_backward= ?
find_forward= /
find_next= n
find_previous= N
focus_input= gi
focus_next= J
focus_nth_view=T
focus_prev= K
hint_mode=f
hint_mode_nv=F
hint_mode_nw=wf
history_back= H
history_forward= L
increase_master=gl
insert_mode= i
show_keys= Sk
load_html=Control Mod1 p
load_html_nv=Control Mod1 p
new_view=V
new_window=W
open_quickmark=b
open_quickmark_nv=B
open_quickmark_nw=wb
open_start_page=Control h
web_inspector= wi
paste= pp
paste_nv=Pp
paste_nw=wp
paste_primary= pP
paste_primary_nw=wP
paste_primary_nv=PP
print=Control Mod1 p
push_master=gp
quit=Control q
reload= r
save_quickmark= m
save= sf
save_session= ZZ
save_named_session= gZZ
scroll_down= j
scroll_right= l
scroll_left= h
scroll_page_down=Control f
scroll_page_up=Control b
scroll_halfpage_down=Control d
scroll_halfpage_up=Control u
scroll_bottom= G
scroll_percent=%
scroll_top= gg
scroll_up= k
set_global_setting=sgs
set_key= sk
set_setting= ss
scripts=gs
spell_checking=gs
show_global_settings=Ss
autoload_images=gs
autoresize_window=gs
toggle_scripts_host= tsh
toggle_scripts_uri= tsu
toggle_scripts_host_tmp= tth
toggle_scripts_uri_tmp= ttu
toggle_bottomstack=tb
caret_browsing=gs
toggle_hidden_files= g.
java_applets=gs
toggle_maximized=gm
plugins=gs
private_browsing=gP
proxy=Control p
undo= u
view_source= gf
yank= yy
yank_primary= yY
zoom_in= zi
zoom_out= zo
zoom_normal=z=
Open=go
open= o
Open_nv=gO
open_nv=O
Open_nw=wO
open_nw=wo
reload_scripts=gs
fullscreen=Control F11
reload_bypass_cache= R
toggle_plugins_host_tmp= pth
toggle_plugins_uri_tmp= ptu
toggle_plugins_host= ph
toggle_plugins_uri= pu
buffers= gt
only= co
complete_current_history=Control C
hint_mode_clipboard=;y
hint_mode_primary=;Y
hint_mode_download=;d
hint_mode_editable=;e
hint_mode_images=;i
hint_mode_images_nv=;I
hint_mode_links=;;
open_editor=Control e
pass_through=Control i
protect=Control P
show_settings= Ss
stop_loading=Control s
toggle_adblocker=ta
presentation_mode=Control F12
toggle_bars= xx
toggle_bottombar=xb
toggle_topbar=xt
yank_title= yt
yank_title_primary= yT
hint_mode_url=;o
hint_mode_url_nv=;O
tab_new= ga
allow_session_cookie_tmp= CT
allow_session_cookie= CS
cancel_download= ad
sanitize= 
clear_tab= gc
close_tab= d
entry_escape=Control c
entry_confirm=Control g
entry_delete_line_end=Control e
entry_delete_word_forward=Control e
download= gd
execute_javascript= 
eval= 
find_backward_ic= c?
find_forward_ic= c/
focus_tab= T
win_hist_back= wh
tab_hist_back= th
win_hist_forward= wl
tab_hist_forward= tl
load_html_tab= 
lock_domain= xd
lock_uri= xu
tab_move_left= gl
tab_move_right= gr
tab_move= gm
normal_mode=Control n
quickmark= b
tab_quickmark= B
win_quickmark= wb
start_page=Control h
tab_paste= Pp
win_paste= wp
win_paste_primary= wP
tab_paste_primary= PP
reload_bookmarks= 
reload_quickmarks= 
reload_userscripts= 
local_set= 
set= 
set_local_setting= sl
print_preview= 
show_bookmarks= Sb
show_downloads= Sd
show_history= Sh
show_quickmarks= Sq
toggle_local_setting= 
toggle_setting= 
toggle_tab=Control @Tab@
visible= xv
toggle_statusbar= xb
toggle_tabbar= xt
dump= 
zoom= =
hints_background= ;b
hints_images_background= .i
hints_url_background= .o
backopen_url= xO
backopen= xo
hints= f
hints_clipboard= ;y
hints_download= ;d
hints_editable= ;e
hints_images= ;i
hints_links= ;;
hints_primary= ;Y
hints_rapid= ;r
hints_url= ;o
new_tab= V
new_win= W
open_url= go
hints_tab= F
hints_images_tab= ;I
hints_url_tab= ;O
tab_bookmarks= gB
tabopen_url= gO
tabopen= O
hints_win= wf
hints_rapid_win= ;R
win_bookmarks= wB
winopen_url= wO
winopen= wo
tabdo= 
entry_delete_active=Control d
tabgrep= 
jump= '
mark= `
adblock_reload_rules= 
repeat= .
visual_mode= v
hints_selector= 
